# Benjamin Bornstein - COMP20 Lab 8: Finalizing Your Learning Portfolio

## What is this purpose of this Git repository? (duh!)
The purpose of this Git repository is to manage my work as it changes over time and allow me to revert to older iterations in the event of an emergency.

## What was your favorite lab or assignment and why?
My favorite assignment was Assignment #2 as, in my opinion, it struck a good balance between the feeling of accomplishment one gets when achieving something and the frustration ond experiences when figuring out a problem. Additionally, Assignment #2 was the first time I felt that I truly created something interesting and potentially useful. Seeing the map populate with my icons and functional info boxes was highly satisfying.

## How much do you think you have grown from day 1 of this course to now?
I feel that I have a much better understanding of how websites work than I did at day 1. In terms of the development of my web programming skillset, I am confident that the information I retain from this class will be useful both in my day-to-day life and if I ever decide to launch my own website/internet company. 

## What was the most important thing that you learned in this course? Cite two examples as evidence.
I think that the most important thing I learned in this course is how to break down and compartmentalize problems, and situations overall, in a way that appears to be unique way to the computer science/software/tech industry. I am an Economics major with a minor in Chinese and, during my time at Tufts, I learned a lot about how to think through the policy implications and externalities of economic variables and I learned a lot about how language is developed and interpreted differently across cultures. But, when I took COMP11 two years ago, I was intrigued by the approach that this discipline takes to problem solving. While I decided to take COMP20 to gain web programming skills that may help me in the future and to exercise my "coding muscles," I was happy to rediscover this way of thinking and hope that I can take it with me going forward into the real world after I graduate next month. In addition to the example that I just discussed, a more easily digestable way that this way of thinking manifested itself for me in this class was while I worked on assignment 3. There were so many components to work with and, at times, this was overwhelming. When I encountered an issue, my mind began to race: was the issue in my curl syntax in the terminal? Or, perhaps, was it in the way I set up my MongoDB? Could it be in my server-side code or perhaps I made a mistake in my assignment 2 client-side code that was now influencing my ability to correctly implement something? Should I be running my python simplehttpserver to test this particular thing, or node.js? Eventually, it all clicked. It's a shame that I killed that grade over a var name misunderstanding, but it was a deeply insightful process nonetheless.

## Now that you have finished the course, what topic would you like to delve deeper into?
For now, I hope to work toward retaining the skills that I have gained thus far. I am going to be an acquisitions analyst at a real estate firm after I graduate next month, so my day-to-day work will likely only involve some VBA as far as coding goes. As a result, I hope to continue developing my web programming skillset as more of a hobby/side-project. Perhaps someday I will take the entrepreneurial route and, when that day comes, I want to be prepared to build a website from scratch!